yes hello youtube today it's who is a
cat here haven't uploaded a video in a
while and I'm the cat well here's my
jtag xbox 360 all that you see there's
the cable for it right here and this
thing's it got it blew out my light so I
wrapped it around the cable my jtag was
having problems with red ring so I was
doing the x clamp fix keep doing keep
redoing um the thing keep redoing what's
it called what's it called hehe the
arctic silver 5 keep reapplying heat
paste onto it first time I lasted for
two weeks second time lasted for two
days third time it lasted for right now
this is third time doing it you see the
xbox is running fine and everything now
here's what i did i got two fans from my
old crappy vista computer one of the
fans this big one right here i think was
taken out right out of the powerboat
brick so they say if you have an old
computer take out the power brick take
it apart and get the little fan of it
and the things that I used was for this
project was I used an old self motorola
cell phone charger and i use the USB
cable and when i did was i got the
little wire little one the little fan
and i put that straight i think this is
the CPU Kirk me if I'm wrong and it's
running it's running relatively cool
cooler than it was it would be right now
and then here's the GPU I think they
keep you Kirk me if I'm wrong now here's
what i did i got the USB cable i
stripped it got the wires out of it
there was a black uh yellow there's a
black a white a green in a red and the
black and red is red is eight read his
current black is what's receiving back
so continue a circuit and i got the wire
this thing had wires and then yellow was
ground you don't
ground but I got the wires out of it I
strip the wires long enough on the on
this USB cable I strip the wires long
enough on this and then I twisted them
together and put this tape over them so
it doesn't mess because it interfere so
it's the USB power fan this will fix
this is just a red ring fix anyone for
anyone with a jtag so that's why the
video is going to be called how to fix
red rings on jtag real easy now here's
my here's another thing i did was
through the disk drive i don't i can
really use the disc drive so much what i
did was i increased that just turned off
the xbox because he can't have that
Ellen like that what I did was I got I
had an old xbox I took apart and I got
the screws there a little bit bigger
than the regular xbox Xbox 360 so I
screw them in there with my fingers
which you can easily do and that just
keep it elevated so it's not down on it
and inside lying area air pastor I did
the penny trick on these two round trick
ram chips here three pennies which is
working fairly well and on the bottom of
it when I got this xbox has I believe
four or six um heat heat heat band aids
or something something on it now for
this one it's kind of hard this is a
bigger fan it's a bigger fan and it fit
power just perfect i think it's 12
millimeter truthfully it's just perfect
size for this and the inside it's nice
and cool cooler than supposed to be now
this I had trouble because it doesn't
distinct any color difference now if you
get this if you have any old motorola
phones just get the wires from this
thing I pull I yank directly out of that
and I tested it out got the first one
wrong and tested it out the other way
and it worked so it won't mess up the
fan or anything now I did have both
wires connect through the USB cable but
sending less power making the fans where
Carter my mom's boyfriend said it would
make the fan motor break so don't you
can try that if you want but I don't
know so this is how you fix your red
rings on Angie
technics boxing 60 if you still have it
open um you don't really need I would
say you don't need your disk drive in it
if you really wanted to get your disc
drive in it then just have your disk
drive in it but kind of do with like
what I have cut a hole if you want to
keep it the console in its whiteness
thing cut a hole in the top of this for
the four prong set this thing goes
through and cut a little notch on the
back probably an extended power cable if
you can make it better and then you can
just put that through the holes have
that in there and then for this just put
a little notch out of it i just use some
tape because it's a quick fix really
still pretty cool now this works is this
sucks air in through here colder air and
blows it through this and then the
regular xbox 360 fan blows air out so
it's basically blowing cold air in
through it so we can bold like warmish
air not high air is warm and share it's
a lot cooler here so I don't know which
is a quick thing just for people that um
want to you know want to try and fix it
I'm also going to get more fans and I'm
probably going to get a multiple USB
adapter and I'm going to have three
things power that's my capture card
easycap peace cheap piece-of-crap I have
halo 3 mad mods recorded i'm looking for
a compression software that i can press
them uncompress 85 because it's 60 good
bites if you can get with you can guys
can find one formula and get like about
under a gigabyte I would lovely I would
love you guys and appreciate it so
subscribe to me in my other account and
people my channel if you want to you
don't have to rate comment and see you
guys later thank you